---
layout: post
published: true
title: " Full Stack Rails Engineer"
date: 2016-07-27T06:17:20.582Z
company: "Naked Apartments, Inc."
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://app.jobvite.com/j?cj=o31e3fw5&s=weworkremotely"
---

<div>Naked Apartments, a Zillow Group Company, is looking for an exceptional Full Stack Engineer to conceive, plan and build extraordinary features and products.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We&apos;re committed to providing fulfilling, challenging and interesting positions, while maintaining a healthy work/life balance. And we&apos;re committed to making a difference for tens of thousands of renters, everyday. Sound like fun? Read on...</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>When you work for Naked Apartments, you&apos;ll work in one of our satellite offices &#x2013; your living room.&#xA0;<a href="http://www.ted.com/talks/jason_fried_why_work_doesn_t_happen_at_work.html">We enjoy the benefits of working from home</a>, and plan to continue doing so even as the team grows. Say goodbye to traffic, to subway crowds, to office distractions and to endless meetings, but be prepared for aggressive goals, challenging deadlines and&#xA0;the satisfaction of quickly deploying beautiful products to customers.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong><br></div><ul><li>Plan, build and launch features and products</li><li>Software design, architecture and research</li><li>Collaborate to craft elegant and engaging user experiences</li><li>Challenge, mentor and learn from your peers</li><li>Continually broaden and refine your own skills</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>What we&apos;re looking for:</strong><br></div><ul><li>Expert knowledge of Rails and Ruby</li><li>Experience with authoring and maintaining gems</li><li>Solid understanding of object oriented programming, CS fundamentals, relational databases, and scaling</li><li>Advanced testing ability</li><li>Strong knowledge of version control systems (Git preferred)</li><li>Not afraid to code on the front-end (HTML, SASS, jQuery, and ES6)</li><li>Stand up for what you believe in and ability to argue your opinions succinctly</li><li>Direct participation in the decision making process</li><li>A passion for owning a project from conception to deployment into production</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Bonus points for experience with:</strong><br></div><ul><li>Elastic Search</li><li>MongoDB</li><li>Chef</li><li>Amazon Web Services</li><li>Large datasets</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Personal traits:</strong><br></div><ul><li>Highly productive, passionate, self motivated, and a fast learner</li><li>A scrappy, entrepreneurial attitude</li><li>Clear and candid communication</li><li>You&apos;re smart, humble and don&apos;t take yourself too seriously</li><li>Equal willingness to both learn and to teach</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>About Naked Apartments, Inc.</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>When you join the Naked Apartments team, you become part of a smart, entrepreneurial group that loves thinking big, moving fast, while working together and having fun. We pride ourselves on our scrappy, roll-up-your-sleeves attitude, and our belief in full product ownership.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Our team is provided with incredible resources to further our careers, plus competitive compensation and exceptional benefits. Our parent company, Zillow Group (Nasdaq: Z), houses a portfolio of&#xA0;the largest and most vibrant real estate and home-related brands on the web and mobile. The Zillow Group opportunity is unlimited.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Join the team and apply today. Help us solve big problems through innovation and incredible technology.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Benefits:</strong><br></div><ul><li>Competitive compensation</li><li>100% covered insurance premiums (medical, prescription, vision, dental and life)</li><li>80% covered dependents&#x2019; premiums (medical, prescription, vision, dental and life)</li><li>Stock options</li><li>401k match</li><li>FSAs</li><li>Generous vacation days</li><li>Gym membership credits, plus free Fitbits</li><li>Citi Bike memberships</li><li>16 weeks fully paid maternity leave and 8 weeks fully paid parental leave.</li><li>Help with emergency backup childcare</li><li>$5,000 adoption fee assistance</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div>