---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Enterprise Support Engineer"
date: 2016-08-16T05:14:05.426Z
company: "GitHub"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://jobs.lever.co/github/ebbe8356-3c43-4baa-8b97-a990efd224c4/apply"
---

<div>More and more companies are using GitHub Enterprise, so the support team is growing. When our customers have problems, they contact us and it is our goal to help them as quickly and awesomely as possible. This person will join GitHub as part of our global support team and support our customers around the world. We&apos;re looking for Enterprise Support Engineers, in North America (US and Canada) to support our GitHub Enterprise product installed and managed in the customer&apos;s virtualization environment.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Your main responsibility will be to work with our customers to solve support tickets. Tickets are usually opened by internal system administrators, and can include investigating load or networking issues, debugging application errors, and discussing feature requests. You&apos;ll also work with our engineering team to prioritize issues and development, and our documentation team to improve customer-facing resources. You don&#x2019;t need to be a Git expert, but you do need to have technical experience and a passion for helping people.</div><div>The position reports to an Enterprise Support Manager and works closely with other teams and leaders across the company.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>GitHub works remotely and asynchronously as much as possible. While this role does not require you to live near our office, it will require some travel to meet with co-workers or attend company events.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>RESPONSIBILITIES</div><ul><li>Solve complex customer support tickets often involving Linux servers, source code, and web application issues</li><li>Effectively communicate technical information to customers and engineering groups at GitHub</li><li>Work proactively with customers on activities such as coordinating upgrades, communicating upcoming features, and ensuring their installation is running smoothly</li><li>Identify bugs and improvements in the GitHub Enterprise codebase</li><li>Manage urgent customer outages during business hours</li></ul><div>QUALIFICATIONS</div><ul><li>Must have current legal working authorizaton</li><li>General understanding of how modern web applications work</li><li>Prior experience providing technical support</li><li>Excellent problem solving skills</li><li>Familiarity with some flavor of production-level virtual machine (e.g., VMware ESX, Xen, KVM)</li><li>Enthusiasm for working directly with customers</li><li>Stellar English and grammar skills</li></ul><div>BONUS POINTS IF YOU HAVE</div><ul><li>Worked closely with large complex customer accounts</li><li>Familiarity with Git and GitHub</li><li>Experience with phone support</li><li>Ability to look through and understand code (Ruby / Bash)</li><li>Previous experience as a System Administrator</li><li>Previous experience as a Linux System Administrator</li></ul>