---
layout: post
published: true
title: "VP of Product"
date: 2016-07-27T05:55:16.408Z
company: "I Will Teach You To Be Rich"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "http://www.iwillteachyoutoberich.com/careers/vice-president-product/"
---

<div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>ABOUT US</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>For the past 12 years, we&#x2019;ve quietly built a private company that has become one of the leaders in online education and self development. Over 1 million millennials read us every month for advice on money, entrepreneurship, careers, relationships, health and fitness, and food.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We&#x2019;re a high performance team of exceptionally talented and diverse individuals, and we nurture each other&#x2019;s personalities, creativity and obsessions to bring forth unique content, products and services to the market.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We are currently experiencing substantial growth in our business. We are seeking high caliber individuals who want to help push us to the next level. If you like to move quickly and have a bias for action, you&#x2019;ll fit right into our fast-paced, results-based environment. We&#x2019;re a 100% remote/virtual team environment where you can work from wherever you are and forge connections with impressive colleagues from around the country.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>THE OPPORTUNITY &amp; THE GIANT PROBLEM YOU&#x2019;LL BE SOLVING</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We&#x2019;ve created over&#xA0;<a href="http://www.iwillteachyoutoberich.com/products">20 video courses</a>&#xA0;and even&#xA0;<a href="http://www.iwillteachyoutoberich.com/">multiple</a>&#xA0;<a href="http://growthlab.com/">brands</a>&#xA0;to serve our readers. If you click those links, you&#x2019;ll notice that we take a different approach to building our products: We&#x2019;re only interested in building products that will be #1 in their category. We spend as much time and money in R&amp;D as it takes to build the world&#x2019;s best -- often, years of testing. As a result, in a world of $10 ebooks and $20 video courses, our students spend thousands of dollars on our courses and continue coming back for more.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>If you had a budget, staff, and time to create the best, what kind of products would you create? What would they look like and what kind of results would they produce for the people who use them?</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>As VP of Product, you&#x2019;ll report directly to our CEO and work closely with other members of our Leadership Team. You will lead the way in building our premium products for the next 5 years. These new products you conceive and create will produce incredible (measurable) results and you&#x2019;ll be able to see first-hand the impact you have on our students&#x2019; lives.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>PROJECTS YOU&#x2019;LL OWN</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You&#x2019;ll spearhead all aspects of product creation, including:</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>VISION</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Partnering with the Leadership Team to align product strategy with company strategy</li><li>Providing a vision of the next 5 years of products in all areas of a Rich Life, including money, business, careers, fitness, and food</li><li>Planning the annual product roadmap</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>BUILDING AND MANAGING A HIGH-CALIBER TEAM</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Hiring and putting together a high performing product team to execute on your roadmap, including product developers and project managers to create, develop and implement world-class digital products, video courses, mobile apps, and digital tools</li><li>Oversee instructional design, visual design and user experience as part of the overall online experience</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>PRODUCT INNOVATION</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Expanding our products beyond online courses into technology tools, mobile, and other product types</li><li>Building the product portfolios for multiple brands and consumer categories</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS YOU&apos;LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL IN THIS ROLE</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Must have a strong background in leading high-performance product development organizations, with experience with web and mobile development products.</li><li>Must have experience in building and leading a creative organization, including setting roadmaps and adhering to launch dates.Must have experiencing building product teams as a hiring manager</li><li>Knows the difference between a product roadmap that will be successfully executed and one that&apos;s only 25% complete by the end of the year</li><li>The ability to define, communicate, and convince the entire IWT team to follow your product vision</li><li>Loves building products that have a deep foundation in behavioral psychology that deliver true results for our students</li><li></li></ul><div>Our team is global and 100% virtual - you can work remotely from anywhere in the country.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div>