---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Cloud Systems Engineer (DevOps)"
date: 2016-07-27T20:41:53.923Z
company: "TaxJar"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://taxjar.workable.com/jobs/239611"
---

<div>TaxJar is looking to hire a Cloud Systems Engineer. Our company is fully distributed, spread across the US from East to West Coast.&#xA0;<a href="http://blog.taxjar.com/ryan-thompson-taxjar/">Here&apos;s why one ecommerce vet joined the team</a>&#xA0;not too long ago.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We work with Rails 4+, Heroku, Postgres, AWS, and many other cloud tools. We want you to join our team and help us take our application hosting, performance monitoring, data metric collection and cloud systems to the next level.&#xA0;</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Our small team gives you the opportunity to work with everyone in the company. Our entire company spends time working in the customer success inbox, even the CEO. There&apos;s plenty of opportunity to learn from others as well as share your ideas and experiences in making the TaxJar API and application better.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>This is a full-time remote position, available to folks located and able to work in the US. Salary is heavily influenced by experience.</div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>Primary Responsibilities:</strong><br></div><ul><li>Proactive monitoring and trend analysis of production applications and API</li><li>Management and maintenance of new and existing cloud components</li><li>Instrument existing code, application logs and servers for clear reporting</li><li>Help plan systems for growth and stability long term</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><ul><li>Experience with; Postgres, Heroku, AWS, RDS, Datadog, Librato, Nagios, or similar experience</li><li>Prior work with Rails applications and features like ActiveSupport::Notifications</li><li>PostgreSQL tuning, sharding, partitioning and monitoring a plus</li><li>Manage development tasks from assignment through to production</li><li>Experience monitoring and configuring applications in the cloud</li><li>Experience with a large, fast growing code base and multiple projects</li><li>Ability to communicate clearly in a remote setting (Chat, Email, Skype, Phone)</li><li>Someone who is agile, humble, trustworthy, and a team player</li><li>1+ years experience in a production environment at scale</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>You Could Be a JarHead If You&apos;re....</strong></div><ul><li>A pro at communicating</li><li>Well-experienced working remotely</li><li>Accountable</li><li>Never tired of learning</li><li>A team player. (We adhere to the No Jerk Code. Too much work to be done to deal with egos.)</li><li>Hungry to play an impactful role</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Benefits</strong></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div>All of our employees get the following benefits:</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Competitive Salary</li><li>Above market-level equity</li><li>Work from anywhere (obviously)</li><li>Health, dental, vision, short-and-long-term disability plans</li><li>Flexible vacation policy (actually, there is no policy)</li><li>Company retreats around the country 2x year</li><li>Perks including Spotify, Netflix, Kindle, and Fitbit</li></ul>