---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Experienced Digital Project Manager"
date: 2016-07-27T05:54:13.596Z
company: "Modern Tribe"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "http://tri.be/careers/freelance-digital-project-manager/"
---

<ul></ul><div><strong>Modern Tribe</strong> is looking for a talented and experienced freelance digital project manager based somewhere in North America. We&#x2019;re a WordPress agency so hopefully you have run some projects with the platform.<br></div><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><div>If you are drawn to order like a moth to a flame, then drop us a line. If you like maintaining lists and seeing team members make progress because you set them up to succeed, then you are perfect for this gig.<br></div><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><div>If you are skilled in agile, waterfall and whatever-suits-the-project techniques, then we should talk. Please note&#xA0;this is NOT a Digital Producer role. We have Strategists that you will be working with as well as UX team members. This gig is about organization and management more than it is about creative input.<br></div><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><div>For this role specifically, you should feel comfortable wrangling a chaotic digital media project into an organized one. You should ask lots of questions and feel a need to. We are hoping you will not just project manage, but understand the project, the business goals and engage in the technology enough to be able to anticipate scope, budget and timeline challenges.<br></div><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><div><strong>Personal Competencies</strong><br></div><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><ul><li>Strong communication and/or experience working as part of a remote team</li><li>Self-motivated, detail-oriented, strong organizational skills, with a methodical approach to all tasks</li><li>Ability to prioritize workloads and meet deadlines</li><li>Ability to work independently with minimal oversight</li><li>Fluent English speaker</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Required Knowledge &amp; Experience</strong><br></div><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><ul><li>At least 5 years of experience working as a PM, ideally on a distributed web design / dev team</li><li>Experience with agile and waterfall management styles</li><li>Experience producing large CMS powered websites</li><li>A whiz when it comes to online collaboration tools. You feel at home when we talk about Slack, Google Hangout, Google Docs, Dropbox or any number of online PM tools.</li><li>Experience managing projects with budgets over $100k</li></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Additional Experience (Bonus Points)</strong><br></div><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><ul><li>Experience with WordPress</li><li>Technical experience as a frontend or backend developer</li><li>Experience with enterprise level web development projects</li><li>Design experience</li></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><div>Your primary responsibility is to shepherd the project to success. We pride ourselves on our projects arriving on time, on scope, on budget with a happy team and customer. You will create confidence through organization and oversee communication. To do this, you will need to:<br></div><ul></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><ul><li>Manage scope, timeline and budget execution</li><li>Manage expectations for everyone on a project including the team, the account managers, and the customer</li><li>Run scrums and other status meetings</li><li>Review team hours</li><li>Write SOWs</li><li>Review budget</li><li>Set up and maintain tickets in the management system</li><li>Manage collection of assets and information from the customer</li><li>Perform meeting prep, prepare agendas, and handle all follow up</li><li>Produce weekly and monthly summary reports</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We believe that freelancing is a way of life. We understand what it means to be a freelancer. We offer consistency in expectations, payment, and support. We believe in learning from each other and fostering personal growth. You can expect to learn a lot while working with us.&#xA0;(Also, if you work enough with us, we&#x2019;ll bring you on our awesome annual team trips.)</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul><ul></ul>