---
layout: post
published: false
title: "Digital Marketing Manager"
date: 2016-07-07T19:54:42.619Z
company: "Lean Startup Co."
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://lsp.formstack.com/forms/labs_marketing"
---

<div><strong>We&apos;re seeking an experienced, enthusiastic Digital Marketing Manager for Lean Startup Company Labs.&#xA0;</strong>We are a startup with&#xA0;<strong>global brand recognition</strong>&#xA0;headquartered in San Francisco, CA. We bring cutting-edge education and modern management techniques to large companies and governments seeking to remain relevant and profitable in their industries. This&#xA0;<strong>position is remote</strong>, but we ask that you 1) live in the U.S. and 2) are available to communicate at least a couple of scheduled hours per day during Pacific Time business hours. We are a startup culture and move fast with communications and tasks.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>This is a contract-based, freelance job that starts immediately. If you&apos;re interested, please fill out this application. We will give full consideration to the first applications we receive.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Commitment:</strong>&#xA0;This position is estimated at 10 hours per week contract position to start, with potential to grow to full-time. Our goal is to find someone who is excited about our brand, interested and motivated by growth and growing with us.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Role:</strong>&#xA0;Marketing efforts support our new products division which includes or may include our training program, summit series, and more. The goal is to reach new people and engage with the existing community.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>-- The core of this gig --</strong><br></div><ul><li>Bring ideas to the table to meet our goals.</li><li>Run tests on which kinds of content convert most effectively for us.</li><li>Create a social media strategy and managing our social media account.</li><li>Find relevant quality content to share with our global community.</li><li>Create and managing advertising strategy.</li><li>Manage editorial calendar.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>-- Requirements --</strong><br></div><ul><li>Experience with Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, etc.</li><li>Demonstrated ability to communicate, present</li><li>Proven ability to manage multiple projects at a time while paying close attention to detail</li><li>Self-motivated and reliable</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li><li>BA/BS degree or equivalent</li><li>Experience with Google Analytics, MailChimp, Wordpress, Box, and Google Docs. We&#x2019;re open to you bringing new ideas to the table like Sprout Social.</li><li>Knowledge of Lean Startup methodology, cross-functional teams, and enterprise innovation a plus</li><li>Join weekly marketing and team calls via video conference (requires reliable computer and internet connection)</li><li>Available for calls and communications during afternoon Pacific Time working hours</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>-- We also care that you&#x2019;re--</strong><br></div><ul><li>Energetic, organized and a good communicator.</li><li>A solid collaborator who can work well independently.</li><li>Not a rockstar, not a diva.</li><li>Available at least through the end of the year.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>If you fit the description above, we don&apos;t care if you&apos;re just out of school, still in school, semi-retired, haven&apos;t worked in a while, employed full-time on something else or a Dodgers fan. If you know the startup world and analytics, those things are a bonus.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong><a href="mailto:mailto:labs@leanstartup.co"></a></strong><strong>Compensation:</strong>&#xA0;DOE (hourly)</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div>