---
layout: post 
published: false 
title: "Experienced Digital Project Manager" 
date: 2016-07-07T16:57:48.997Z 
company: "undefined" 
location: Anywhere 
type: Full-time 
apply_url: "http://tri.be/careers/freelance-digital-project-manager/"---


    Modern Tribe is looking for a talented and experienced freelance digital project manager based somewhere in North America. We’re a WordPress agency so hopefully you have run some projects with the platform.If you are drawn to order like a moth to a flame, then drop us a line. If you like maintaining lists and seeing team members make progress because you set them up to succeed, then you are perfect for this gig.If you are skilled in agile, waterfall and whatever-suits-the-project techniques, then we should talk. Please note this is NOT a Digital Producer role. We have Strategists that you will be working with as well as UX team members. This gig is about organization and management more than it is about creative input.For this role specifically, you should feel comfortable wrangling a chaotic digital media project into an organized one. You should ask lots of questions and feel a need to. We are hoping you will not just project manage, but understand the project, the business goals and engage in the technology enough to be able to anticipate scope, budget and timeline challenges.Personal CompetenciesStrong communication and/or experience working as part of a remote teamSelf-motivated, detail-oriented, strong organizational skills, with a methodical approach to all tasksAbility to prioritize workloads and meet deadlinesAbility to work independently with minimal oversightFluent English speakerRequired Knowledge & ExperienceAt least 5 years of experience working as a PM, ideally on a distributed web design / dev teamExperience with agile and waterfall management stylesExperience producing large CMS powered websitesA whiz when it comes to online collaboration tools. You feel at home when we talk about Slack, Google Hangout, Google Docs, Dropbox or any number of online PM tools.Experience managing projects with budgets over $100kAdditional Experience (Bonus Points)Experience with WordPressTechnical experience as a frontend or backend developerExperience with enterprise level web development projectsDesign experienceYour primary responsibility is to shepherd the project to success. We pride ourselves on our projects arriving on time, on scope, on budget with a happy team and customer. You will create confidence through organization and oversee communication. To do this, you will need to:Manage scope, timeline and budget executionManage expectations for everyone on a project including the team, the account managers, and the customerRun scrums and other status meetingsReview team hoursWrite SOWsReview budgetSet up and maintain tickets in the management systemManage collection of assets and information from the customerPerform meeting prep, prepare agendas, and handle all follow upProduce weekly and monthly summary reportsWe believe that freelancing is a way of life. We understand what it means to be a freelancer. We offer consistency in expectations, payment, and support. We believe in learning from each other and fostering personal growth. You can expect to learn a lot while working with us. (Also, if you work enough with us, we’ll bring you on our awesome annual team trips.)

    
  