---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Technical Content Creator"
date: 2016-07-07T19:50:11.173Z
company: "Compose"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://compose.interviewed.com/jobs/technical-content-creator"
---

<div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Please note: At this time we are only able to accept candidates in the United States, Canada, and the UK.</strong><br></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div>At Compose, we&apos;re looking for strong writers with technical backgrounds to join our eclectic writing team. Do you find yourself writing and reading technical blogs for enjoyment? Maybe you&apos;ve squashed your last 4AM bug and want to step out of the fire and share your wisdom with others? Or, perhaps you&apos;re an experienced fan of a particular database and want to share your praises (...or foreboding...) with the masses?</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>If you&apos;re technically inclined - programming, analytics, technical marketing - and want to stay comfortably plugged in to the software world, we would love to hear from you. At Compose, quality technical content is a major part of what we do. Our articles, how-tos, case studies and marketing materials are a crucial piece of our overall puzzle. If you&apos;d love to spend your days growing with a fantastic, casual and close-knit team, we have an unbelievable spot for you.</div><div>Compose has grown into a vibrant work environment where folks can feel comfortable being themselves, living a balanced life. We welcome you to enjoy comfort when taking risks, collaborate with spirited peers, and to unleash your creative personality.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Technical things we hope you&apos;re good at (or can become excellent at):</strong></div><ul><li>Databases: We provide databases as a service. We&apos;d love for you to have all sorts of experience with different types of data-storage.</li><li>Dev-y Things: It would be helpful if you can git, script, code things, and work with common software tools like Slack, Ghost, Google Analytics and Segment. The more technical know-how and experience, the better. Our stack is built with Ruby/Go and it would be excellent if you could contribute to that, too.</li><li>Tech Talk: Distill complicated technical ideas to any audience. It&apos;s a tough thing to do!</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>We&apos;re excited to see what sort of character will wind up in this role... a few helpful traits include:</strong></div><ul><li>Driven: We&apos;re a self-managing organization that gives you the respect, trust and responsibility to operate with minimal oversight.</li><li>Compassionate: Compose is stuffed with many great hearts, minds, and spirits. We&apos;d love for you to want to collaborate and grow with them.</li><li>Inventive: You&apos;ll need buckets of creativity to help you solve a wide range of (sometimes vague) conundrums.</li><li>Accepting: Freedom to fail! Things won&apos;t always work, but things will always iterate. This is a fun role and should feel that way.</li></ul><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>Think you&apos;re a match?</strong></div><div>Compose implements blind-hiring! Merit based, objectively graded work samples are the first step. We have worked hard to minimize our own biases as much as possible and find the best possible humans for the team. We respect a fancy education or a list of spectacular previous accomplishments, but nothing is more impressive than the right combination of ingredients - which you can objectively demonstrate.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>At any time during the process, we are available to chat (email, video, whatever you like) to ensure you are comfortable with the process and feel that you&apos;re being treated fairly and with respect.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Good luck, and have fun!<br></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>Please note: At this time we are only able to accept candidates in the United States, Canada, and the UK.</strong><br></div>
