---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Sales Account Executive"
date: 2016-07-27T05:54:56.889Z
company: "Award Force"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "mailto:%63%61%72%65%65%72%73@%61%77%61%72%64%66%6f%72%63%65.%63%6f%6d"
---

<div><strong>Flexible remote sales role with fast growth global company!</strong><br></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div>Award Force is a fast growing Australian SaaS company, with a fantastic opportunity for a highly driven phone sales superstar energised by the challenge of developing a new market, as we continue to expand our global sales team.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Does this sound like you?</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>You know you can sell, you&#x2019;ve got the track record to prove it, and after all this time, you still love talking to people, and helping them find the right solution</li><li>You&#x2019;ve been careful with your career, choosing market leading leading products to represent. You would only sell to people when you know your product/service offers fantastic value, and you know what it takes to represent the best</li><li>You&#x2019;re naturally curious, and love learning. If you don&#x2019;t know something, you&#x2019;re happy to speak up, and if you have an idea for improvement you can&#x2019;t keep quiet!</li><li>You&#x2019;re confident in your ability and able to easily develop rapport with potential clients over the phone and via web demos</li><li>You&#x2019;re a natural closer, and love the thrill of seeing those signatures!</li><li>While it&#x2019;s fun working with qualified opportunities, you also understand the need to have a consistent, methodical approach to your cold calls</li><li>You have a successful track record of selling SaaS solutions. If not direct SaaS experience, you&apos;re super comfortable with technology and it&apos;s role in delivering business solutions</li><li>You can work independently, but enjoy being part of a team</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Your role</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>This role will be based in the United States, ideally based in Pacific time zone</strong>. You&apos;ll need great internet and a dedicated space to work without distractions. </div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>As a sales account executive, you will generate revenue by selling the Award Force system to clients running recognition programs, typically to industry associations, government, and direct organisations.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You will be responsible for qualifying and nurturing leads through to the completed sale.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You&#x2019;ll love this role if you&#x2019;re self-motivated and genuinely enjoy talking with people and building long term relationships. Lots of energy, strong business acumen and a sense of humour are a must :)</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>The best part about selling Award Force? It&#x2019;s really fun! It&#x2019;s a fantastic product, and the people we work with are lovely. We work in the recognition industry - every day we help our clients uncover and reward everyday people doing exceptional things!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Just the facts&#x2026;</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Environment:</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Full time, independent contractor role </li><li>The role is remote, however you&apos;ll be in regular communication with the rest of the global team via chat and daily video calls </li><li>We&#x2019;re ready to go when you are, the sooner the better!</li><li>We&#x2019;ll make sure you&#x2019;re set up with the technology and services you need</li><li>There will be lots of training and you&#x2019;ll have good sales materials to work with</li><li>Open, collaborative culture. We&apos;re here to support you.</li></ul><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>Summary of key tasks:</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Generate revenue via phone sales</li><li>Run system demonstrations (via GoToMeeting)</li><li>Get to know the product really, really well</li><li>Adhere to all operational requirements</li><li>Energetically embrace our global mission!</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Please note: this role is for an independent contractor. You will be responsible for your insurance requirements, tax and 401k contributions. &#xA0;</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>No recruitment agencies</div>