---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Product Marketing and Communications Manager"
date: 2016-08-01T02:09:09.515Z
company: "Help Scout"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://help-scout.workable.com/jobs/284433"
---

<div>As our Product Marketing and Communications Manager, your job is to connect people with the Help Scout brand and products. Thanks to you, current and prospective customers will have what they need to make the most of the product and deliver an outstanding customer experience.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>As the only dedicated product marketer at Help Scout, we&#x2019;ll be looking to you for expertise and an entrepreneurial spirit. You probably won&#x2019;t have time to work on everything, so we&#x2019;re trusting you to work on&#xA0;<em>the right things,&#xA0;</em>ideas that will both grow and nurture our customer base.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>With over 6,000 customers, we&#x2019;re ready for someone to own this part of our growth efforts holistically.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>This is a new role at Help Scout, so part of your job is to be creative and wear a few different hats. We have no additional hires planned for Product Marketing this year. You&#x2019;ll be running the show and eventually growing the team.</li><li>You&apos;ll start by filling the gap between what features we have and what customers are aware of. Do customers know what they need to know about&#xA0;<a href="http://docs.helpscout.net/article/22-using-workflows">workflows</a>,&#xA0;<a href="http://docs.helpscout.net/article/574-reporting-views">report views</a>&#xA0;or&#xA0;<a href="http://docs.helpscout.net/article/87-collections-and-categories">Docs collections</a>? What can we do to make sure new customers learn everything they need to know when they need to know it?</li><li>You&#x2019;ll be organizing information from people across several different remote teams: product, engineering, support, growth and customer development. Being a great communicator and earning the trust of your peers is a critical part of the job.</li><li>You&#x2019;ll be telling stories. One day the story may be outlining a Help Scout use case for a specific audience, another day it might be marketing an integration partnership, and the next day it might be coordinating with members of the media about an impending launch.</li><li>You&#x2019;ll own the content for email communications with customers and prospects. This includes the content we push out in our newsletters, as well as the content we use to power our drip marketing and on-boarding efforts. If you have experience building a newsletter strategy, it&#x2019;s a big plus.</li><li>You will create content that can have multiple uses. A good example would be case studies for prospects and customers, which we would likely use in different forms across marketing, sales and support.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>REQUIREMENTS</div><div><strong>ABOUT YOU</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>You have a deep sense of empathy for your customers, which includes your internal partners and stakeholders. That&#x2019;s really what drives you to do excellent work.</li><li>You are an outstanding product copywriter, with a knack for summing up a customer benefit in 10 words or less. You can connect what something does with why the reader should care in a clear, articulate way.</li><li>Being detail-oriented isn&#x2019;t just a sound bite for you; it&#x2019;s one of your strongest qualities. This job requires superhuman organization and communication skills.</li><li>You have a thorough, practical understanding of the product marketing process and understand how to balance competing demands and needs while always delivering content and communications that are valuable for your customers.</li><li>You have experience immersing yourself and understanding customer challenges as well as the complex technical solutions your company provides in response, and then translating that complexity into simple, beautiful language and examples that customers can quickly grasp. You toe the lines between customer evangelist, product marketer, and technical writer.</li><li>You believe remote teams are the future of work. You have experience working with remote teams or can adjust your work/management style to be remote-friendly.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>About Us</strong></div><div>Help Scout is a remote team with employees in twenty-three cities all around the world. We optimize the team for excellence over geography and overcome remote challenges through transparency, trust, and video conferencing.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We&#x2019;re a customer-driven company and always will be. Everything follows the customer experience, no exceptions. There is no sales team. Everyone at Help Scout is aligned in their motivation to create outstanding content and build a product that is a pleasure for businesses to use.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Our company is growing quickly and has aspirations of helping millions of people around the world. Accomplishing our goals will present countless challenges and require you to excel in every aspect of the position. It&#x2019;s super hard, but the people we&#x2019;re looking for love tackling hard problems.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>This is not the typical startup &#x201C;rocketship.&#x201D; We&#x2019;ll never compromise customers or the experience in favor of growth. Our purpose is to build a profitable company that small businesses love and sustain it for the long term. We optimize your career at Help Scout for the long term as well, so keeping a healthy work/life balance is an important priority.<br></div><div>--</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><em>Help Scout is an equal opportunity employer</em><em>&#xA0;and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.</em></div><div><em><br></em></div><div>BENEFITS</div><ul><li><strong>Competitive Salary</strong>&#xA0;- We pay at or above market salary in most cases and evaluate a lot of research to make sure everyone is paid well. The formula we use to calculate all salaries is public to employees and is improved upon regularly.</li><li><strong>Work anywhere</strong>&#xA0;- Work from our office in Boston or anywhere else, provided you have 4 hours of overlap with the team. We&#x2019;ll even buy your home office furniture or help you pay for a co-working space.</li><li><strong>Health and dental insurance</strong>&#xA0;- We cover you and your family&apos;s health/dental insurance 100%. If you are based in the US, we&apos;ll cover you on our Harvard Pilgrim HMO or PPO policies. If you&apos;re based outside the US, we&apos;ll reimburse your out-of-pocket health and dental insurance costs.</li><li><strong>Long-term/Short-term Disability Insurance &amp; Life Insurance</strong>&#xA0;- we cover 100% of the premiums for LT/ST Disability insurance and base Life Insurance. You also have the option to purchase supplementary life insurance through our provider. (currently US only)</li><li><strong>Flexible vacation</strong>&#xA0;- Take time off when you need it, we trust you.</li><li><strong>Paid parental leave, including adoption&#xA0;</strong>- 12 weeks if you have or adopt a baby, 4 weeks if your partner has a baby.</li><li><strong>401k with 1% match</strong>- via Betterment for Business (currently US only)</li><li><strong>Personal Development stipend</strong>&#xA0;- Up to $1,800 per year to improve your craft</li><li><strong>Great tools</strong>&#xA0;- Each employee needs a Mac laptop and 27&apos;&apos; display (or equivalent). We&#x2019;ll also purchase any of the software or hardware you need.</li><li><strong>Complete transparency</strong>&#xA0;- Everyone has full access to business metrics and financial information about the company.</li></ul>