---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Full Stack Rails Developer"
date: 2016-08-01T02:17:48.929Z
company: "Dekeo"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "mailto:%31%33%46%38%30%34%45%30%35%45@%6a%6f%62%73.%77%6f%72%6b%61%62%6c%65%6d%61%69%6c.%63%6f%6d"
---

<div><strong>Are you the Full Stack Developer we&apos;re looking for?<br></strong></div><div>Are you passionate about creating magical user experiences? Bring that love, and your skillful way of solving users&#x2019; needs to us. We&apos;re looking for an experienced full-stack engineer equally comfortable working on greenfield features and refactoring legacy code.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>If you love setting others up for success as much as you love stepping up to achieve results, you&apos;re probably the type of person we want on our team. We are looking for engineers who can raise the skill level of their teammates and love to give back through tech talks, lightning talks, etc. We would also love it if you were an Open Source contributor.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You will be working closely with our customer success team. &#xA0;If you love seeing real customers quickly benefiting your work, then this is the role for you.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Please note preference is given to people working within +/- 3hours from our Singapore timezone.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>About Us:</strong></div><div>Dekeo is a new branded site being spun out of a fast-growing, profitable company. Dekeo is creating a global ecommerce marketplace for promotional products (putting company or team logos on t-shirts, water bottles, and stickers). &#xA0;While the company is still very much at a growth stage &#x2013; there&apos;s a huge number of technical challenges still to solved, exciting ideas to pursue, and value to be built</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>How we&apos;d like you to help us:</strong></div><ul><li>Write clean, maintainable and efficient code</li><li>Design robust, scalable and secure features</li><li>Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle</li></ul><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>What we&apos;d like to see in the candidate:</strong></div><ul><li>BS in Computer Science combined with 1+ years of experience working on the web applications at scale</li><li>Expert understanding of front-end technologies HTML/CSS/Javascript/AJAX</li><li>Good understanding of server-side templating languages (such as Liquid, Slim, etc depending on your technology stack)</li><li>Good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors (such as SCSS, based on project requirements)</li><li>Experience with Bootstrap</li><li>A knack for writing clean, readable Ruby code and working knowledge of Ruby on Rails conventions</li><li>Experience with modern JavaScript libraries and tooling</li><li>Proficient understanding of code versioning tools (e.g. Git)</li><li>Possible experience working with large, custom search systems using Solr or ElasticSearch</li><li>Experience with agile story tool such as Pivotal Tracker</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Compensation<br></strong></div><ul><li>Competitive Compensation &#xA0;</li></ul>