---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Senior Full Stack Web Engineer (£55-70k, With Stock Options, Work Remotely)"
date: 2016-08-16T05:22:02.257Z
company: "Resource Guru"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://resource-guru.workable.com/j/BBB784CBFF"
---

<div>Resource Guru is a leading cloud-based team calendar and leave management app. It&#x2019;s the fast, simple way to schedule people, equipment and other resources online. We have customers from over 90 countries around the world including Apple, Saatchi &amp; Saatchi, Disney, Deloitte, Yahoo!, VMware and ASOS. They all trust Resource Guru to handle one of their most precious assets - their people&#x2019;s time. Resource Guru was founded in 2011 in London and is backed by one of the world&#x2019;s leading VCs, Index Ventures. Visit <a href="http://resourceguruapp.com">http://resourceguruapp.com</a> for more.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We use a polyglot technology stack mainly based on Ruby on Rails and Go, with MySQL and Redis data stores. We like agility and continuous deployment. We are a very small, remote team with employees in the UK and a collaborating team in South Africa. This means you would be free to work from anywhere with an Internet connection. We live in Slack, have daily video standups and some of us like to meet up occasionally to work together from coworking spaces like Google Campus. We will also be happy to pay for coworking space near you if you need it. We&#x2019;re a small, friendly team and we like to think of ourselves as a family :) If all this resonates with you, then we would love to hear from you!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>In Brief</strong></div><div>We are looking for an outstanding software engineer to join us and help take Resource Guru to new heights as one of the world&#x2019;s leading productivity apps. Using your skills as a full-stack web developer, you will be responsible for for coming up with imaginative solutions to technical problems and delivering a top notch user-experience to our customers. You must be highly motivated, energetic, able to work autonomously and willing to regularly collaborate with your colleagues through pair programming.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>What You&#x2019;ll Be Doing</strong></div><ul><li>Collaborate with a team of developers (pair programming highly encouraged) to craft high quality software for Resource Guru&#x2019;s customers to enjoy. This involves both backend infrastructure and web frontend responsibilities.</li><li>Participate in the design process of every feature you work on - from brainstorming to prototyping to reviews and polish.</li><li>Review code submissions from other engineers and be open to have your own work critiqued - we encourage our team to work together as craftsmen and trust that you can lean on each other&#x2019;s strengths.</li><li>Mentor and guide other engineers.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>What We&#x2019;re Looking For</strong></div><ul><li>We believe great engineers aren&#x2019;t limited by a toolset, in fact our team is excited to hear about solutions to interesting problems using tools outside of our normal stack. Our application is primarily Ruby, JavaScript and Go. Experience in those is beneficial but those are not prerequisites for applying.</li><li>This position requires a high level of skill, so we&#x2019;re looking for at least 5 years of professional &#xA0;experience and a proven track record of architecting, developing and deploying high-volume, scalable, multi-tenant, mission critical web applications.</li><li>A good understanding of how web software works, built with HTML, JavaScript and any backend server stack.</li><li>Passion! We want you to love working at Resource Guru - the right candidate will dream in code and get excited about how the user experience can be improved.</li><li>Attention to detail. Given that our customers rely on the accuracy of data in Resource Guru for business-critical operations, we&#x2019;re pedantic about the quality of the work we do. We&#x2019;re looking for developers who are able to manage the finer details of software development to deliver a good quality product.</li><li>You&#x2019;ll need to be comfortable with cloud server operations. We use Google Cloud Platform and Kubernetes to host our application. Experience with these (or similar) tools is beneficial.</li><li>An understanding of good database design principles and performance optimization. Experience with MySQL in particular.</li><li>You&#x2019;ll need to be available to meet in various global locations (including London) on an occasional basis.</li><li>You will be more pragmatic than dogmatic.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>What We&#x2019;re Offering</strong></div><ul><li>A great salary (negotiable)</li><li>Stock options</li><li>Work from anywhere you like (with at least 4 hrs overlap with GMT) - coworking space will be provided if necessary</li><li>33 days paid holiday per year (including any public holidays)</li><li>Flexible hours</li><li>Monthly exercise contribution - but use it for anything you like</li></ul>