---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Rails Developer"
date: 2016-07-07T19:48:49.602Z
company: "Eezy.com"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://eezy.workable.com/jobs/283711"
---

<div>We&apos;re growing our team and we&apos;re looking for great developers who would love the opportunity to join us full time. We&#x2019;re looking for programmers with deep commercial Ruby experience who have built high traffic applications that like working in cross-functional teams.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You&apos;d be primarily doing backend Ruby and Rails work, but we also expect that you&apos;re pretty comfortable working on the full stack. We&apos;d expect you know how to write well isolated tests, you value pragmatic design, want to easily deploy to production and care about writing good software.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Our sites receive a high amount of traffic each month. If you&apos;re interested we&apos;d love to give you a role in our company that strives for technical excellence, is relaxed, lets you work from home on your own schedule in your own environment.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>What you&apos;ll be doing:</div><ul><li>Writing clean, well thought out and reliable code.</li><li>Lead small, functionally oriented projects containing team members with different skills and levels of knowledge.</li><li>You&apos;ll work on big projects as well as small maintenance tasks that support our marketing efforts.</li><li>We don&apos;t have testers or sysadmins so you&apos;ll be ensuring your work is production ready and deployed.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Required abilities:</div><ul><li>At least three years experience with Ruby on Rails in production.</li><li>Extensive understanding of HTML and CSS.</li><li>Good working knowledge of Javascript (but no Coffeescript required :-)</li><li>Working understanding of MySQL.</li><li>Familiarity with the open source world, especially rubygems and Github. Open source contribution a huge plus.</li><li>Excellent online communication skills (IM, Skype, email).</li><li>Ability to ease self into an existing (but clean!) codebase instead of having to always rewrite everything immediately.</li><li>Willingness to evaluate existing solutions/gems for applicability instead of just jumping instantly on the latest fad (unless it really is better, of course!)</li><li>Ability to see the &#x201C;big picture&#x201D; and implement solutions that fit into the existing architecture.</li><li>Have strong, self-informed opinions when it matters.</li></ul>
