---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Quality Assurance (QA) Analyst"
date: 2016-07-27T05:56:18.233Z
company: "Modern Tribe"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "http://tri.be/careers/qa-analyst/"
---

<div><strong>Modern Tribe&#x2019;s </strong>QA team works on a lot of cool projects: over the past year alone, we&#x2019;ve tested sites built by our dev team for big-name clients including <a href="http://columbialawreview.org/">Columbia Law School</a>, <a href="http://www.foodinnovationgroup.com/">Bon Appetit Magazine</a>, <a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/blog/academy/">Eventbright Academy</a> Blog, <a href="http://hls.harvard.edu/">Harvard Law School</a> and <a href="https://www.whatshouldwedo.com/">What Should We Do (WSWD)</a>. (Want to see how we did? The links above highlight some of our work). And that&#x2019;s not even including our family of WordPress plugins led by <a href="http://theeventscalendar.com/">The Events Calendar</a>.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We&#x2019;ve got a slew of cool projects we are working on from now through early 2017, and need another member for our QA team. If working on high-profile sites for large clients gets you excited and a serious case of attention to detail is your jam, we should talk.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Who We Are</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><a href="http://tri.be/"><strong>Modern Tribe, Inc.</strong></a> is a rapidly growing software &amp; design company. We develop custom solutions for some of the world&#x2019;s largest companies, government institutions and smaller growing organizations. We pride ourselves on our ability to bridge people and technology and to bring the passion and dedication of an entrepreneur to every project. Our team is composed of talented employees and freelancers around North &amp; South America (and a smattering across the globe).</div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>Who You Are</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We love working with each other because we have built a culture that suits us well. We work primarily with freelancers and coordinate their talents for large projects. To be on our team, you must be:</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li><strong></strong><strong>HAPPY:</strong>&#xA0;Where there is a will, there is a way. Having a positive disposition allows us to achieve great things and to support each other.
</li><li><strong></strong><strong>HELPFUL:</strong> Always looking for ways that you can help others.
</li><li><strong></strong><strong>CURIOUS:</strong> It is essential that you have a passion for learning. Technology changes daily, and life has a way of constantly raising the bar.
</li><li><strong></strong><strong>ACCOUNTABLE:</strong> Our clients expect us to get the right thing done on budget and on time. Communicating expectations and meeting them is the cornerstone of success.
</li><li><strong></strong><strong>A FREELANCER:</strong> This means that if you live within the USA, you will also maintain your own personal client list and that Modern Tribe will only comprise a proportion of your total income. Regardless of where you live, you need to be already freelancing.
</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div>QA is responsible for ensuring all aspects of quality at Modern Tribe. It&#x2019;s a tall order for sure: learning how a site works, creating test plans covering obscure use cases, and then putting it all into practice when testing every aspect of site functionality&#x2026;it&#x2019;s a lot of ground to cover. But we&#x2019;ve got an established workflow down that helps make sure we&#x2019;re setting the team up with the tools they need to proceed and succeed.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Though every project is different, here&#x2019;s the gist of our QA flow:</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ol><li><strong>Kickoff meeting.</strong> Just a kickoff &#x2014; meet the PM; get your questions answered; set expectations; and schedule milestones.
</li><li><strong>Preparing docs.</strong> Getting started with internal documentation early is hugely important to getting the project into your brain.
</li><li><strong>Review approved comps. </strong>Before you start QA or even get a walkthrough, you&#x2019;ll review the comps to understand the project + prepare a list of questions to ask on the QA walkthrough.
</li><li><strong>QA walkthrough.</strong> Once development is far enough along for QA to begin, you&#x2019;ll do a walkthrough with the lead developer to get an overview of the functionality.
</li><li><strong>Prepare QA checklist + test plan. </strong>After seeing each component of the site in action, you&#x2019;ll put together a first draft at a comprehensive QA checklist and a higher-level overview of what you&#x2019;re planning to test, in what order, and when.
</li><li><strong>Heavy duty testing. </strong>You&#x2019;ll put the site through its paces and give it a few rounds of full pass bug hunting. Beyond just hitting buttons, you&#x2019;ll be thinking from a higher level: are there usability concerns? Does what we&#x2019;re doing here actually make sense as the best way to solve the problem? etc.
</li><li><strong>Celebrating a successful launch.</strong> What feels better than kicking back after a successful launch? If QA has done their job, the project will launch smoothly, the team will have a finished product to show off, and &#x2014; most importantly &#x2014; the client will be happy. It doesn&#x2019;t get much better than that.
</li></ol><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Our QA team also generally leads client training and prepares training documentation/videos when appropriate, so be prepared for some direct client communication.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Desired Personal Competencies</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Extremely outgoing and friendly attitude</li><li>Strong communication skills</li><li>Experience working as part of a remote team</li><li>Self-motivated, detail-oriented</li><li>Strong organizational skills</li><li>A methodical approach to all tasks</li><li>Ability to prioritize workloads and meet deadlines</li><li>Fluent English speaker</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Required Knowledge and Experience</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>A proven track record in manual Quality Assurance testing</li><li>A meticulous attention to detail + willingness to fight for the customer. Being able to catch bugs is huge, but it isn&#x2019;t everything &#x2014; QA is most effective when it puts itself in the customer or end user&#x2019;s shoes.</li><li>A strong familiarity with WordPress; you&#x2019;ll be expected to prove your competence with the platform.</li><li>Excellent verbal, non-verbal and written communication skills</li><li>1+ year remote freelancing experience</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Additional Skills (Bonus Points)</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Familiarity setting up local WordPress environments + cloning GIT repositories locally</li><li>Skills at training others how to admin complex WordPress sites/projects</li><li>Experience writing and implementing automated testing processes</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Full-time freelancers </strong>are the only candidates we&#x2019;re looking for at this time; we are not seeking F/T or P/T employees, nor can we work with somebody moonlighting from a full-time gig. And if you haven&#x2019;t worked remotely before, this probably won&#x2019;t be a good fit.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Our hourly rate for this gig starts at<strong> $30-$40/hr</strong>, depending on experience, with opportunities for rate bumps on annual review. This gig is about <strong>10-20 hours per week of work.</strong>&#xA0;This is a one time contract position, though we are always seeking longer relationships with kick-ass people.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Since this is a freelance position, you control your schedule and work when you want to. But note that we are looking for team members to have at least 3 hours of overlap each day with the rest of your project team.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Perks</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We believe that freelancing is a way of life. We understand what it means to be a freelancer. We offer consistency in expectations, payment, and support. We believe in learning from each other and fostering personal growth. You can expect to learn a lot while working with us.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>(Also, if you work enough with us, we&#x2019;ll bring you on the <a href="http://tri.be/team-trip-2015/">team trips</a>.)</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>How To Apply</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>BEFORE APPLYING, please read this gig listing carefully. So many people seem to apply without actually reading it. Once you&#x2019;ve read the listing in full and are confident you&#x2019;re ready to rock, check out the &quot;Apply for This Position&quot; section below. When applying, please make sure to include the following information and answers to ALL of the questions in the list below (if you don&#x2019;t end up answering them we probably won&#x2019;t proceed with your application).</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>A link to your LinkedIn or online resume
</li><li>The names, email addresses + phone numbers of 2 references you&#x2019;re comfortable having us contact to get a better sense of your QA skills.
</li><li>A link to any QA plans that you have written in the past.
</li><li>A short sentence about why you want to work with Modern Tribe and how we can help you achieve your goals.
</li><li>Details about your WordPress knowledge and any relevant experience doing QA on WordPress projects.
</li><li>What hourly rate are you looking for?
</li><li>What is your experience with distributed teams?
</li><li>Are you currently a FT freelancer?
</li><li>What&#x2019;s your favorite color (that way we know you read this)?
</li><li> What is your availability?</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We can&apos;t wait to meet you!</div>