---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Community Support Agent"
date: 2016-07-27T05:47:00.048Z
company: "Replay Poker"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://replaygaming.recruiterbox.com/jobs/fk067c7"
---

<div>Replay Poker is growing and we&#x2019;re looking to hire a new full-time member of our support team. (Why Agent? Because that sounds super cool.) Our ideal candidate will be a detailed-oriented problem-slayer with lots of empathy -- we love our community and we hope you will too!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>You should be:</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>A great communicator.</strong>&#xA0;You know how to take complex problems and make them sound simple. You know how to read people, infer tone, and adjust your writing to fit the situation. And you know how to remain calm in the face of adversity.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>A little geeky.&#xA0;</strong>You know how to troubleshoot common browser, computer,and connection problems; Even better, you know how to use available resources to find answers. Be ready to prove it!&#xA0;Plus, we&#x2019;re on the internet. You&#x2019;re going to run into internet-related problems.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Fluent in English.&#xA0;</strong>The majority of our players communicate with us in English. Being able to read and write proficiently is a must! Bonus points if you can explain The Google.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Familiar with poker.&#xA0;</strong>You can walk the walk, and talk the talk, even if you don&#x2019;t hit the high stakes. 2-7 off suit? Never calling&#xA0;that&#xA0;again. Your full boats never hold cowboys and you know when when to fold &#x2018;em.&#xA0;In other words, it&#x2019;s helpful if you know that poker is a card game. Don&#x2019;t worry, we&#x2019;ve a wiki, a knowledge base, and an expert to assist!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Experienced in customer service.</strong>&#xA0;1-2 years in the field would be great. Show us you have a track record for making a positive impact in customer service and the ability to solve any problem.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>What you&#x2019;ll be doing:</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Managing our daily support queue.&#xA0;</strong>Respond to customer questions, feedback, and other issues. We use Groove and Intercom often, so knowledge of those tools will help.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Helping improve our Knowledge Base.</strong>&#xA0;You&#x2019;re the front line, our lifeline. We need you to help us help the players. Using what you learn day to day, you&#x2019;ll help update documentation and maintain our Knowledge Base.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>One-off projects as needed.&#xA0;</strong>Got a good idea? Speak up! We thrive on feedback and like seeing cool projects get done. Need help? We&#x2019;ve got ideas for days. We&#x2019;ve got room for growth and we believe in you.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>About Replay Poker</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Replay Poker was founded in 2005 and has grown into one of the most popular play money poker communities online. Our mission is to spread the joy of poker to the world by allowing anyone, anywhere to play a fair, friendly and competitive hand of poker, anytime. We&#x2019;re a small, hardworking, remote team and we do our best to encourage fun and positivity in everything we do.&#xA0;</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We also like video games, board games, muscle cars, music, coffee, pugs, and DIY -- bring your passion and share with us!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Replay Poker Perks</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Work from anywhere. We&#x2019;re working around the world and we love it.</li><li>Flexible hours. Though we&#x2019;d like to see you on the weekends a little.</li><li>Open vacation policy. For you -- you don&#x2019;t have to come on our vacations. But hey, you are welcome!</li><li>Free books, learning is encouraged!</li><li>Weekly poker tournaments with the team.</li></ul><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>How to Apply</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>If this sounds like your cup of tea (or coffee!), please&#xA0;apply below.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We look forward to hearing from you!<br></div>