---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Dotcom ToS Support Specialist"
date: 2016-08-01T02:12:26.360Z
company: "GitHub"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://jobs.lever.co/github/a8b9e3a5-cc07-4027-b7ee-2db3fd58f335"
---

<div>The GitHub Terms of Service Support team is looking for full-time team members in our SF office or worldwide! GitHub users work 24/7, so you&apos;ll occasionally need to adjust your work week to help cover a weekend or holiday (don&apos;t worry! We strongly support flexible schedules that let you to take care of the important things in your life).</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>When GitHub users have questions, they email support. We help people as quickly&#xA0;<em>and awesomely</em>&#xA0;as possible. Our Terms of Service team supports users with issues related to site policy, including DMCA takedowns, trademarks, spam and abuse, and privacy. This requires a logical brain, good intuition and problem solving skills, plus the ability to objectively apply GitHub&apos;s values to a variety of socially and emotionally sensitive topics. We work closely with GitHub&apos;s Legal team, so an interest in law is also an asset.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>The most important characteristic of our support team is that we love helping developers. The Terms of Service Support team specifically helps people understand and follow the policies that make GitHub a place for people to work better, together.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Our support teammates have excellent writing chops: stellar grammar, charming written personality, and the ability to explain complicated things simply. We measure our success in swiftness, accuracy, and clarity.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><a href="https://github.com/github/internal-jobs/blob/master/Support/Terms-of-Service-Support-Specialist.md#you-must-have"></a>You must have:</div><ul><li>Stellar English and grammar skills</li><li>Excellent problem solving skills &#x2013; you might not know all the answers but you know how to find and communicate the solution</li><li>A strong sense of empathy and the ability to advocate for others</li><li>A unique writing style and voice</li></ul><div><a href="https://github.com/github/internal-jobs/blob/master/Support/Terms-of-Service-Support-Specialist.md#bonus-if-you-have"></a>Bonus if you have:</div><ul><li>Prior customer support experience</li><li>Experience in law, policy-related, or regulatory fields</li><li>Experience working remotely</li></ul><div>About GitHub</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>WHO WE ARE</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>GitHub is the best place to share code with friends, co-workers, classmates, and complete strangers. Over ten million people use GitHub to build amazing things together. With the collaborative features of GitHub.com, our desktop and mobile apps, and GitHub Enterprise, it has never been easier for individuals and teams to write better code, faster.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We have a lot of exciting things to do, and we&#x2019;re looking for the right people to grow with us!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Working at GitHub is, to put it simply, a special slice of the universe. We&apos;re committed to transparency, collaboration, experimentation, and always staying classy.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Because of this unique perspective, we&apos;ve established one of the most flexible and well designed physical workspaces around that encourages you to work as you work best. Right now, over 60% of our employees are based outside of our San Francisco (SOMA) headquarters and work according to how they get their best stuff done.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Ensuring that GitHubbers are healthy, motivated, focused and creative is how GitHub stays awesome. Part of this is ensuring that our benefits* are out of this world.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>In a nutshell, we&apos;ve built and are growing a place where we truly love working, and we think you will too.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>GitHub is made up of people with many different backgrounds and lifestyles, and we like it that way. We invite applications from people of all stripes. We don&apos;t discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences that people imagine to discriminate against one another. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there&apos;s anything we can do to make the interview process better for you; we&apos;re happy to accommodate.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>*Please note that benefits vary by country, if you have any questions don&apos;t hesitate to ask your recruiter!</div>