---
layout: post
published: false
title: "Enterprise Support Agent - North America (Remote)"
date: 2016-07-27T05:37:37.273Z
company: "GitHub"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://jobs.lever.co/github/cb9ec84d-d02b-4103-bfd3-8647bf8f0a25/apply"
---

<div>More and more companies are using GitHub Enterprise, so the support team is growing. When our customers have problems, they contact us and it is our goal to help them as quickly and awesomely as possible. This person will join GitHub as part of our global support team and support our customers around the world. We&apos;re looking for Enterprise Support Agents in North America (US and Canada) who will answer incoming phone calls, triage issues, and help provide solutions.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>The position reports to an Enterprise Support Manager and works closely with other teams and leaders across the company.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>GitHub works remotely and asynchronously as much as possible. While this role does not require you to live near our office, it will require some travel to meet with co-workers or attend company events.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>RESPONSIBILITIES</div><ul><li>Take in-bound phone support requests</li><li>Triage incoming support tickets</li><li>Work collaboratively with other support teams</li><li>Manage communication around customer tickets</li><li>Troubleshoot and help solve highly complex support tickets</li><li>Escalate issues to other support engineers and managers as applicable</li><li>Work with our Engineering team to prioritize issues and development</li><li>Work with our Documentation team to improve customer-facing resources</li></ul><div>QUALIFICATIONS</div><ul><li>Must have current working authorization to work in the U.S.</li><li>Knowledge of Linux servers</li><li>General understanding of how modern web applications work</li><li>Enthusiasm for working directly with customers</li><li>Ability to clearly write and orally communicate technical information</li><li>Ability to review and understand code (Ruby / Bash)</li><li>Must have a workspace conducive to answering phone calls</li><li>Prior experience providing technical support</li><li>Excellent problem solving skills</li><li>Strong empathy for GitHub users and GitHub Support</li></ul><div>BONUS POINTS IF YOU HAVE</div><ul><li>Technical experience (QA, documentation, systems administration, etc.)</li><li>Familiarity with Git and GitHub</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>About GitHub</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>WHO WE ARE</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>GitHub is the best place to share code with friends, co-workers, classmates, and complete strangers. Over ten million people use GitHub to build amazing things together. With the collaborative features of GitHub.com, our desktop and mobile apps, and GitHub Enterprise, it has never been easier for individuals and teams to write better code, faster.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We have a lot of exciting things to do, and we&#x2019;re looking for the right people to grow with us!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Working at GitHub is, to put it simply, a special slice of the universe. We&apos;re committed to transparency, collaboration, experimentation, and always staying classy.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Because of this unique perspective, we&apos;ve established one of the most flexible and well designed physical workspaces around that encourages you to work as you work best. Right now, over 60% of our employees are based outside of our San Francisco (SOMA) headquarters and work according to how they get their best stuff done.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Ensuring that GitHubbers are healthy, motivated, focused and creative is how GitHub stays awesome. Part of this is ensuring that our benefits* are out of this world.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>In a nutshell, we&apos;ve built and are growing a place where we truly love working, and we think you will too.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>GitHub is made up of people with many different backgrounds and lifestyles, and we like it that way. We invite applications from people of all stripes. We don&apos;t discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences that people imagine to discriminate against one another. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there&apos;s anything we can do to make the interview process better for you; we&apos;re happy to accommodate.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>*Please note that benefits vary by country, if you have any questions don&apos;t hesitate to ask your recruiter!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div>