---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Senior Software Engineer"
date: 2016-07-27T20:46:41.469Z
company: "Eventplicity, Inc."
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "undefined"
---

<div><strong>Location</strong></div><div>Remote. &#xA0;Prefer candidates to be close to the Eastern timezone, but not required.</div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>About Eventplicity</strong></div><div>Eventplicity provides planning and logistics software for restaurants and other venues to book private events.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We&apos;re not talking restaurant reservations here. We book private parties and special functions with many intricate details that must be discussed and planned out before the event. We provide a modern application that tackles the surprising number of complexities involved in planning private parties from start to finish.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We&apos;re a startup with a exciting growth trajectory. With more than 50 venue partners and 1,000 events booked, we&apos;re using our industry expertise to continually evolve our platform into a decision engine that helps customers build out their events online.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Every venue is different, every event is different, and every booking is different. Join our team and help us build the right set of abstractions and the modern interface that will wrangle these complexities into a smooth, easy-to-understand online interface.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Highlights</strong></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><ul><li>Competitive compensation.</li><li>A highly energized group of employees excited to build this company together.</li><li>Supportive environment and flexible schedules.</li><li>A management team that understand and is committed to the importance of building a stable product with a high quality code base.</li><li>Support for the tools necessary to help the dev team be more efficient and effective.</li><li>Low level of bureaucracy.</li><li>A focus on making pragmatic decisions that allow us to deliver features quickly, while still keeping a high quality code base.</li><li>Collaboration on architectural decisions.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Tech</strong></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div>Front-End</div><ul><li>Javascript ES6</li><li>React</li><li>Socket.io</li><li>Bootstrap</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Back-End</div><ul><li>Python</li><li>Flask</li><li>Redis</li><li>PostgreSQL</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>DevOps<br></div><ul><li>AWS</li><li>CircleCI</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Preferences</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We prefer to hire a full stack developer, but we are open to front-end or back-end for the right candidate.</div><div>AWS and DevOps experience is a bonus, but not strictly required.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>At this stage in the company&apos;s growth, we need a team member that can buckle down and crank out a lot of high quality code based on well-defined features and requirements from the lead designer and the CTO. Though, of course, we do expect a more collaborative and environment for feature design when the candidate because knowledgeable about the domain and can help steer the direction of the product.</div>