---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Senior JavaScript/TypeScript Engineer"
date: 2016-08-01T02:09:37.227Z
company: "DroneDeploy"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "mailto:%63%68%61%73%65+%6a%6f%62%73@%64%72%6f%6e%65%64%65%70%6c%6f%79.%63%6f%6d"
---

<div>We are a small team of highly skilled JavaScript developers working on a Typescript/Angular2 application that&#xA0;flies drones and analyzes the processed imagery.&#xA0;We are looking for senior JavaScript engineers that can join us. We are looking for JS devs who consider themselves experts and have experience shipping products. We solve difficult problems here at DroneDeploy using JavaScript, and we will pay very competitively for great engineers. This is for a longer term position.<br></div><div>Learn more about us at <a href="http://www.dronedeploy.com">http://www.dronedeploy.com</a></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Checkout out our glassdoor reviews:&#xA0;<a href="https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-DroneDeploy-EI_IE1103556.11,22.htm">https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-DroneDeploy-EI_IE1103556.11,22.htm</a></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Where You Can Make an Impact</strong><br></div><ul><li>Build scalable and maintainable user interfaces with a focus on testability and extensibility.</li><li>Collaborate with our product and design teams to define feature specifications and timelines.</li><li>Inspire innovation and cultivate an environment of continuous improvement.</li><li>Advocate for modernizing the practices and tools by staying current with the newest technical advancements.</li><li>Ensure technical decisions support our goals of quality, performance, scalability, reliability, availability, and security.</li><li>Build intuitive, beautiful, high performance and reliable web applications.</li><li>Share insights and best practices and positively influence the rest of the engineering team.</li><li>Review code and project deliverables and confirm that they are of high quality.</li><li>Participate in and evangelize the agile development processes including planning, execution, retrospectives.</li><li>Participate in daily stand-ups, one-on-ones and weekly retros.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>REQUIREMENTS</div><div><strong>Your Experience</strong><br></div><ul><li>Consider yourself an expert in JavaScript and web applications.&#xA0;Can explain best practices, implement things like prototypal inheritance, curry, etc., and solve complex asynchronous problems. Ideally you can also talk circles around us about RxJS, functional programming, etc.</li><li>Experience with automated unit testing suites.</li><li>Experience with MVC frameworks such as Angular (ideally Angular2) or React.</li><li>Experience with browser-based map technology like Google Maps, MapBox, Leaflet.</li><li>Mobile experience with Cordova, Ionic, Android or iOS experience a plus.</li><li>Awareness and opinions on new front-end technology like TypeScript and ES6/7+ a plus.</li><li>Experience owning and working independently on a remote project is ideal.</li><li>Available to spend time in our main San Francisco office during ramp up period and a couple times a year to work closer with the team.</li></ul>