---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Director of Operations & Finance"
date: 2016-07-27T05:49:25.471Z
company: "Clevertech"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://clevertech.biz/careers/55e70e7f72c4691e08b07b33"
---

<div>Clevertech, a growing organization based in New York City, is currently seeking to add a Director of Finance &amp; Operations to our lean and growing team! This is a unique role for somebody who feels just as comfortable tearing apart a balance sheet as they do doing strategic business planning. This position reports directly to the organization&apos;s C-suite team.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Major Finance Responsibilities</strong></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div>Leads finance team responsible for corporate finance activities including the recording and classification of transactions in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, a monthly close process and production of timely and accurate financial reports/ operational KPI data for management.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Identifies, analyzes and researches complex problems, questions or discrepancies and implements action plans to correct, improve or mitigate risk within the organization&apos;s financials.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Actively develops the Finance and HR team including career guidance, training and mentorship.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Performs analysis and monitoring on investments and presents findings to leadership.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Major Operations Responsibilities</strong></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div>Direct Reports from the recruiting department</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Direct Reports from the human resources department</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Develop workforce plans, forecasting capabilities and sustaining a pipeline of talent for key positions</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>No functional HR/recruiting role, but oversight of the department and ownership of resource management KPI</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Position Qualifications</strong></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div>BA degree in Finance/Accounting</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Minimum four years of accounting (top 5 firm) OR management consulting experience</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Strong with software tools and reporting</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Ability to lead a team through change and challenges in a manner that supports teamwork, strength and achievement of goals</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Ability to understand and perform project management techniques</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Ability to perform efficiently in a fast-paced environment</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Strong organizational skills</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Ability to deal effectively with all employees and external business contacts while conveying a positive, service oriented attitude</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in-writing, with a strong background in business writing</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Ability to maintain complete confidentiality and discretion in business relationships and exercise sound business judgment</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>You can Expect:</strong></div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div>Full time role, with a salary commensurate with experience</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You can be located anywhere. This is a remote position. (And you&apos;re excited about it!)</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Paid Holidays and vacations</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div>