---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Extraordinary DevOps Leader"
date: 2016-08-01T02:10:24.444Z
company: "Clevertech"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://clevertech.biz/careers/55e70e7f72c4691e08b07b33"
---

<div><strong>About You</strong></div><div>You are AWS certified and are equally comfortable with software development and system administration.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You know Chef, and have used Docker containers.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You know Ansible or similar technologies and are able to understand the complex concepts.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You are able to devise proactive solutions to project-related issues.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You&apos;re interested in creating MVPs and helping clients scale their ideas to profit / exit.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You can hold your own with a Google hangout with our US team, so your English is strong.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>About Clevertech</strong></div><div>15 years developing apps has taught us this: Build people, then products.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We&#x2019;re aware that solid engineering practices and our love of Agile principles aren&#x2019;t enough to ensure that we translate our clients&#x2019; dreams into software that shapes the world.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Our team of nearly 100 developers and designers are what make it possible.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>They&#x2019;ve rejected offers from Google and Twitter. They&#x2019;re parents, travelers, or aspiring entrepreneurs. Some are in the planning stages of launching their own startups. Here&#x2019;s what they have in common:</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>They&#x2019;re all invested in becoming better together and we support their constant learning.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>For more on how we do this, check out why.clevertech.biz. Some of the great things we do together are captured in cleverte.ch/bloomberg and visualcaptcha.net. We&apos;re also proud to be one of FlexJob&apos;s 100 Top Companies to Watch for Remote Jobs in 2016. The list goes on!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>About the Job</strong></div><div>At Clevertech, we understand why it&#x2019;s great to be part of the gig economy&#x2014;we also understand some of the challenges it can present.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>By offering ongoing, full-time roles, we eliminate the burnout and guesswork involved in being a contract worker. We&#x2019;re also interested in making it possible for our team to focus on what they do best. Busy work that gets in the way of high-quality code is our worst enemy!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Here&#x2019;s how it works:</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>We work with quality clients who have brilliant ideas they want to scale, scale, scale :)</li><li>Schedules are flexible&#x2014;you work when you&apos;re in flow, from wherever you wish</li><li>You focus on one client at a time; when you&apos;re finished with one, we provide another</li><li>We use the latest tools and streamline every workflow imaginable</li><li>Everyone on our team shares your culture, irrespective of where they are physically</li></ul>