---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Quality Assurance Associate"
date: 2016-07-27T05:56:18.215Z
company: "Alley Interactive"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "http://jobs.alleyinteractive.com/apply/s4l4Lk/Quality-Assurance-Associate"
---

<div>Alley Interactive is a team of experienced web developers, UX professionals, and digital project managers who tackle the most complex challenges facing publishers, news organizations, and large-scale non-profit institutions. Quality Assurance is extremely important to the success of any project that is released at Alley Interactive, no matter how big or small it might be. You&#x2019;re expected to catch the things others might not &#x2014; so please be sure to include &#x201C;Welcome to the world of tomorrow!&#x201D; in your cover letter. As a member of the QA team, you will work closely with project managers, developers, designers, as well as the clients, to ensure that projects are tested thoroughly and are released without issue.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>As a Quality Assurance Associate, you will be working on multiple projects at once. We are looking for someone who isn&#x2019;t afraid to voice concerns over an issue, or ask for help if a task is unclear.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Responsibilities<br></strong></div><ul><li>Perform thorough desktop and mobile web testing for clients</li><li>Write/review/execute/revise test plans to meet project timelines</li><li>Thoroughly and accurately document defects found for developers to address</li><li>Work closely with developers and project managers to ensure projects are tested and released on-time</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Qualifications<br></strong></div><ul><li>Minimum of 1 year working in web based Quality Assurance.</li><li>Ability to manage and keep track of project requirements, test plans, and tickets</li><li>Ability to multi-task</li><li>Experience working directly with the development teams to troubleshoot and resolve issues</li><li>Experience with JIRA and agile testing is a plus</li><li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li><li>Be familiar with the website design and development processes.</li><li>Ability to work in a team-based, remote, agency environment.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>About Alley Interactive</strong></div><div>We offer competitive salaries and company subsidized medical, dental and vision benefits. We also offer 401(k) with company matching, a profit sharing plan, and transportation and lunch benefits program.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We have no set hours and do not limit vacation or sick time (but we require everyone to take a minimum of two weeks off). We trust our team members to get their work done and take the time off they need to recharge.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Alley was born in New York City, and we have an office in the Flatiron District of Manhattan. We also have an office in downtown Burlington, Vermont. Our team members are free to work at either of these locations, or out of their homes or a local coworking space. About a third of our team lives in the New York area, and the rest are spread around 19 other states (and counting).</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Alley Interactive is an equal opportunity employer and we seek to increase diversity in the tech industry. We encourage applications from women, people of color, people with disabilities, members of the LGBTQ community, and other communities traditionally underrepresented in this field.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div>