---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Customer Support Engineer: Australia "
date: 2016-08-16T05:16:11.286Z
company: "Moz "
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://boards.greenhouse.io/moz/jobs/240271?gh_jid=240271"
---

<div><strong>Hi there! Seattle based Moz is looking for our first remote employee in Australia!&#xA0;</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We are looking for a positive, outgoing, Internet-loving people-person to join our Help Team! Are you the kid all the neighbors come to when their computers aren&#x2019;t working? Do your customers rave about how awesome your help is? Could you explain the Theory of Relativity to 5th graders? Whether you&#x2019;re a tabletop junkie or you run your own knitting circle online, you just might be the right geek for the job!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>About the position:</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>The Moz Help Teams got a lot going on! We are branching out to Australia! Your primary role involves using live chat and email to answer customers&#x2019; questions about everything from billing problems to product offerings. You&#x2019;ll also spend a lot of time problem-solving for customers by reproducing their bugs and writing up reports about them for our engineering and product teams.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>You will never be bored. By understanding our customers&#x2019; needs and working closely with the engineering, product, and marketing teams, you will help us build high quality, delightful products. You&apos;ll be working across many different platforms: Firefox, Chrome, Safari, IE, Windows and OSX.&#xA0;You will help drive strategy to make the customer service department more efficient and scalable as our customer base continues to grow.&#xA0;You are creative and passionate about analyzing trends and optimizing business processes. You don&#x2019;t need to be micromanaged; you find your own projects, set your own deadlines, and do exceptional work without close oversight. Rather than waiting for someone else to take action, you do what it takes to get customer&#x2019;s issues resolved. You learn things as you go and are open to constantly changing as our tools and business operations change.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Lastly, you&#x2019;re the type of person that doesn&#x2019;t get easily discouraged. The glass is always half full, and despite tough times and hard problems, you never let customer pain get you down. If you can have hard conversations with customers, spend an hour researching and replicating a nasty bug, and still have a smile on your face at the end of the day, we&#x2019;re made for each other!</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Provide support to our customers and prospective customers via phone, email, live chat, webinar, forums, etc.</li><li>Advocate for our customers by thoroughly documenting their issues and sending reports to our engineering and product teams.</li><li>Identify and propose ways we can make our company better, our customers happier, and our jobs easier.</li><li>Create joy and happiness for everyone involved with Moz, including team members, vendors, and customers.</li><li>Use your HTML, CSS, programming, copywriting, or other unique skills to initiate projects that improve the customer experience.</li></ul><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>Requirements:</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li>Exceptional verbal and written communication skills. There will be a test!</li><li>Infectious positive attitude with other team members and customers.</li><li>Demonstrated ability to resolve conflicts quickly and creatively.</li><li>Strong organizational skills, attention to detail and ability to prioritize multiple tasks.</li><li>Independent thinker with the ability to recognize where processes can be improved and who to collaborate with to improve them.</li><li>Superior analytical skills and problem-solving ability.</li><li>Experience writing bug reports or other technical documents.</li><li>Intermediate knowledge of inbound marketing, search engine optimization and HTML.</li><li>Passionate about technology and the Internet.</li><li>Experience in technical support and/or customer service roles is a major plus.</li><li>Experience with customer service software like Intercom, Zuora, Authorize.net, Google Apps, MS Office, Box.net, Docusign, and/or similar applications is a plus.</li><li>Experience with Google Analytics, any CMS, and other web/production/analysis tools a big plus.</li></ul><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>About Moz</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We build analytics software that gives our users the technical edge towards better marketing on the web. We are dedicated to the future of marketing analytics. &#xA0;We&#x2019;re obsessed with it. &#xA0;&#xA0;We&#x2019;ve been at it for over 7 years and we&#x2019;re in it for the long haul. &#xA0;We&#x2019;re a leader in our space, growing fast and receiving frequent recognition for our accomplishments (2014 lists include: &#xA0;Inc 5000, Deloitte Fast 500 and the Puget Sound Business Journal&apos;s fastest growing private companies).</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Behind our software is a sea of&#xA0;<a href="https://moz.com/about/team">Mozzers</a>&#xA0;with a wide array of personalities, experiences, and expertise. &#xA0;We&#x2019;ve worked hard and deliberately to build a cultural roadmap. It&#x2019;s not just about ping pong games and company parties (though we have those, too!). &#xA0;Learn more about it below before you apply:</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><ul><li><a href="https://moz.com/about/tagfee">TAGFEE</a>&#xA0;is the glue that holds us together and binds how we do everything at Moz. As&#xA0;Mozzers, we aspire to live and breathe these values.</li><li>We make the web a better place:&#xA0;(<a href="http://moz.com/about">http://moz.com/about</a>)&#xA0;and this is how we do it: (<a href="http://moz.com/products">http://moz.com/products</a>).</li><li>Not convinced we are awesome yet? Check out our video&#xA0;&#x201C;<a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rr2XKYoc30">Why we love Moz</a>&#x201D;.</li></ul><div><em><br></em></div><div>Moz is an&#xA0;equal&#xA0;opportunity&#xA0;employer and we are committed to providing a work environment that is free from any form of discrimination. Moz values diversity and fosters mutual respect among its employees.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div>