---
layout: post
published: false
title: "Account Manager / Matchmaker"
date: 2016-07-27T05:43:02.332Z
company: "Tawkify"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "http://tawkify.com/apply?utm_source=weworkremotely&utm_campaign=acctmanagermatchmaker"
---

<div><strong>Make a Living Out of Finding Love!&#xA0;</strong></div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>What is Tawkify?&#xA0;</strong></div><div>Tawkify is the fresh, smart and sexy matchmaking startup dedicated to putting fun and romance back into dating. We hire exceptionally kind, smart people who believe in Happily Ever After and want to help our clients find it.&#xA0;</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Why join the Tawkify team?:&#xA0;<br></strong></div><ul><li>Be your own boss</li><li>Create your own hours</li><li>Make a positive impact</li><li>Join a bicoastal community</li><li>No limits to earning potential</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>Job requirements:&#xA0;<br></strong></div><ul><li>Strong communication skills &amp; emotional intelligence</li><li>Ability to execute on a timeline</li><li>Multi-tasking: Administrative, Organizational, Creative Skills</li><li>Ability to manage expectations of diverse personalities</li><li>Extensive networks &amp; desire to network</li><li>Self-motivated, self-starters only</li><li>Desire to grow with company</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>What makes a great matchmaker?&#xA0;</strong></div><div>Our matchmakers come from diverse backgrounds - lawyers, consultants, life coaches, entrepreneurs, teachers, and writers. We&apos;ve found the most effective matchmakers share the following qualities:	<br></div><ul><li>Professionalism.&#xA0;You hold yourself to a higher standard. You are task-driven, attentive, collaborative, and accountable.</li><li>Empathy.&#xA0;You have charisma. You&apos;re a great listener. You have no trouble connecting with people. You build trust and rapport instantly.</li><li>Passion.&#xA0;Our matchmakers are more invested in their clients&apos; relationship well-being than the clients themselves. We believe your best career option gives you the ability to do what you love and love what you&apos;re doing.</li><li>Network.&#xA0;You have the knack and the resourcefulness to navigate between social circles and grow your sphere of influence.</li></ul><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>What to expect?&#xA0;</strong></div><div>You&apos;ll scour your city to find and screen quality, eligible matches for our clients. Our intuitive matchmakers handpick each candidate based on our &quot;VIP&quot; approach to compatibility:&#xA0;Values,&#xA0;Individual lifestyle and&#xA0;Personal preferences.&#xA0;<br></div><div>All matches take place via curated blind dates that you&apos;ll creatively design to ban first-date butterflies and encourage connection. Each time, you provide useful feedback to both parties to help refine the search and optimize for that ideal match.&#xA0;<br></div>