---
layout: post
published: false
title: "Senior UI/JavaScript Frontend Engineer"
date: 2016-07-07T19:50:06.928Z
company: "Close.io"
location: Anywhere
type: Full-time
apply_url: "https://jobs.lever.co/close.io/10a1e32b-1a59-48dc-b8f4-e6f0dfae4e20/apply?lever-source=WWR"
---

<div><strong>ABOUT US</strong></div><div>At Close.io we&#x2019;re building the sales communication platform of the future. We&#x2019;ve built a next-generation CRM that eliminates manual data entry and helps sales teams close more deals. We are hiring engineers to help us unify the world&apos;s sales calls and emails into one beautiful workflow.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>Our app&#x2019;s front-end is a single-page HTML5/JavaScript web app written with Backbone.js, jQuery, RequireJS, Handlebars, QUnit, Grunt, etc. It&#x2019;s built entirely on top of our public REST API and targets only modern browsers. Our UI updates in near real-time and is written in LESS/CSS atop Bootstrap.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div>We &#x2764; open source &#x2013; using 40+ frontend libraries/plugins with contributions to many of them.</div><div class="paragraph_break"><br></div><div><strong>ABOUT YOU</strong></div><div>We&apos;re looking for experienced full-time developers to join our core team who have a strong understanding of web technologies and want to help design, implement, and launch major user-facing features.</div><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>YOU SHOULD...</strong></div><ul><li>have 3+ years experience building modern front-end applications in JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS</li><li>have great product sense and be able to think through user experience issues before diving into the code</li><li>write maintainable, testable, and performant JavaScript</li><li>have a love for great UI</li><li>enjoy debugging all aspects of the front-end app including memory leaks and quirky CSS across browsers</li><li>have experience implementing real-time (e.g. websockets, polling, etc.) web apps</li><li>have significant experience with REST APIs and thoroughly understand HTTP requests</li></ul><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>BONUS POINTS IF YOU...</strong></div><ul><li>have an eye for design and experience with Photoshop, Sketch, or similar</li><li>have contributed open source code (core or plugins) for a popular frontend framework such as Backbone, Angular, or React</li></ul><div><strong><br></strong></div><div><strong>WHY WORK WITH US?</strong></div><ul><li>Work remotely from anywhere in the world! Just be willing to do a bit of traveling every year for some face-to-face time with the whole team :) &#xA0;</li><li>Help build a truly successful SaaS company with a stellar team where you can have a huge impact.&#xA0;</li><li>Above market salary and benefits</li><li>Fun company culture that embraces a healthy work/life balance&#xA0;</li></ul>